{\rtf1\ansi \deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2 Tms Rmn{\*\falt Times New Roman};}{\f2\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helv{\*\falt Arial};}{\f7\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 MS Sans Serif;}
{\f9\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2 Helvetica{\*\falt Arial};}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\nowidctlpar \fs20 \snext0 Normal;}{\s1\sb240\nowidctlpar 
\b\f2\ul \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 1;}{\s2\sb120\nowidctlpar \b\f2 \sbasedon0\snext0 heading 2;}{\s3\li360\nowidctlpar \b \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 3;}{\s4\li360\nowidctlpar \ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 4;}{\s5\li720\nowidctlpar \b\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext17 heading 5;}{\s6\li720\nowidctlpar \fs20\ul \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 6;}{\s7\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 7;}{\s8\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 heading 8;}{\s9\li720\nowidctlpar \i\fs20 
\sbasedon0\snext17 heading 9;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\cs15 \additive\f0\fs16\up6\lang1033 \sbasedon10 footnote reference;}{\s16\nowidctlpar \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext16 footnote text;}{\s17\li720\nowidctlpar \fs20 \sbasedon0\snext17 
Normal Indent;}{\s18\fi-240\li480\sb80\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext18 nscba;}{\s19\fi-240\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext19 j;}{\s20\li480\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext20 ij;}{\s21\sb80\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext21 btb;}{\s22\fi-240\li2400\sb20\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext22 ctcb;}{\s23\fi-240\li480\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext23 ns;}{\s24\sa120\nowidctlpar \f9\fs28 \sbasedon0\snext24 TT;}{
\s25\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext25 crtj;}{\s26\fi-240\li480\nowidctlpar\tx480 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext26 nsca;}{\s27\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext27 bt;}{\s28\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext28 Hf;}{
\s29\li240\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext29 Hs;}{\s30\li480\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext30 RT;}{\s31\fi-2160\li2160\sb240\sa80\nowidctlpar\tx2160 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext31 c;}{\s32\li2160\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext32 
ct;}{\s33\li240\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext33 it;}{\s34\li480\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext34 nsct;}{\s35\fi-160\li400\sb80\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext35 nscb;}{\s36\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa40\nowidctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw15 
\brdrbtw\brdrs\brdrw15 \tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext36 HC2;}{\s37\fi-2640\li2880\sb120\sa20\nowidctlpar\tx2880 \f9 \sbasedon0\snext37 C2;}{\s38\fi-240\li2400\sa20\nowidctlpar \f9\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext38 ctc;}{\s39\li2160\sb160\nowidctlpar \f9 
\sbasedon0\snext39 crt;}{\s40\li480\sb20\sa40\nowidctlpar \f9 \sbasedon0\snext40 or;}{\s41\fi-259\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext41 Ln1;}{\s42\li115\sb80\sa80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext0 *Intro;}{
\s43\li115\sb80\sa80\keepn\nowidctlpar \b\f7 \sbasedon3\snext42 *Title;}{\s44\fi-245\li360\sb80\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext44 *Jl;}{\s45\li360\sb40\sa40\nowidctlpar \f7\fs20 \snext0 Lp1;}{\s46\fi-1800\li1915\sb60\sl-240\slmult1\nowidctlpar\tx1915 
\f7\fs20 \sbasedon0\snext46 Tph;}{\s47\li115\sb120\sa80\nowidctlpar \b\f7\fs20 \snext41 Proch;}{\*\cs48 \additive\super \sbasedon10 endnote reference;}}{\info{\title AFXCORE}{\subject MFC Core RTF Help}{\author Ketchup}{\operator Ketchup}
{\creatim\yr1992\mo10\dy7\hr11\min4}{\revtim\yr1999\mo1\dy1\hr12\min37}{\version4}{\edmins1}{\nofpages39}{\nofwords1829}{\nofchars10427}{\*\company Unknown Organization}{\vern57443}}\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\hyphcaps0 \fet0\sectd \linex576\endnhere 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} menu_file}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {
\cs15\fs16\up6 K} files managing}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} File menu commands}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 File menu commands}{\f2 
\par 
\par The File menu offers the following commands:
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2340\cellx8622 \pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb New}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_NEW}{\f2 \cell Creates a new document.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2340\cellx8622 \pard 
\widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Open}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_OPEN}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Opens an existing document.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Close}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_CLOSE}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Closes an opened document.
\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Save}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_SAVE}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Saves an opened document using the same file name.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Save As }
{\v\f2 HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Saves an opened document to a specified file name.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Import}{\v\f2  HIDM_FILEIMPORT}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 
Imports additional file types: PIR, ALN, FASTA\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Export}{\v\f2  HIDM_FILEEXPORT}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Exports additional file types: PHYLIP, PIR, ALN, FASTA\cell }\pard 
\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Print}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_PRINT}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Prints a document.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Print Preview}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_PRINT_PREVIEW}{
\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Displays the document on the screen as it would appear printed.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Print Setup}{\v\f2 HID_FILE_PRINT_SETUP}{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 
Selects a printer and printer connection.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx2340\cellx8622 \pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Exit}{\v\f2 HID_APP_EXIT}{\f2 \tab 
\par }{\f2\uldb \cell }{\f2 Exits GeneDoc.\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} menu_help}}{\b\f2 Help menu commands}{\f2 
\par 
\par The Help menu offers the following commands, which provide you assistance with this application: 
\par 
\par }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1077\cellx7257 \pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Index}{\v\f2 HID_HELP_INDEX}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 Offers you an index to topics on which you can get help.\cell }\pard 
\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1077\cellx7257 \pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb Using Help}{\v\f2 HID_HELP_INDEX}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 Provides general instructions on using help.\cell 
}\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\trowd \trgaph108\trleft-108 \cellx1077\cellx7257 \pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2\uldb About}{\v\f2 HID_APP_ABOUT}{\f2\uldb \cell }\pard \fi-720\li720\widctlpar\intbl {\f2 Displays the version number of this application.
\cell }\pard \widctlpar\intbl {\f2 \row }\pard \fi-720\li720\widctlpar {\f2 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_NEW}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} files managing}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} File New command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 New command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to create a new document in GeneDoc.
\par 
\par You can open an existing document with the }{\f2\uldb Open command}{\v HID_FILE_OPEN}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc hlp\\tbnew.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+N
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_OPEN}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} files managing}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {
\cs15\fs16\up6 $} File Open command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Open command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to open an existing document in a new window.  You can open multiple documents at once.  Use the Window menu to switch among the multiple open documents.  See }{\f2\uldb Window 1, 2, ... command}{\v\f2 HID_WINDOW_ALL}{\f2 .
\par 
\par You can create new documents with the }{\f2\uldb New command}{\v HID_FILE_NEW}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc hlp\\tbopen.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+O
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FILEOPEN}}{\b\f2 File Open dialog box
\par }{\f2 
\par The following options allow you to specify which file to open:
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 File Name
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Type or select the filename you want to open.  This box lists files with the extension you select in the List Files of Type box. 
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 List Files of Type
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Select the type of file you want to open:
\par .MSF: Multiple Sequence Format.
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Drives
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Select the drive in which GeneDoc stores the file that you want to open. 
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Directories
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Select the directory in which GeneDoc stores the file that you want to open.
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Network...
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_CLOSE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} files managing}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} File Close command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Close command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to close all windows containing the active document.  GeneDoc suggests that you save changes to your document before you close it.  If you close a document without saving, you lose all changes made since the last time you saved it.  Befor
e closing an untitled document, GeneDoc displays the }{\f2\uldb Save As dialog box}{\v AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\f2  and suggests that you name and save the document.
\par 
\par You can also close a document by using the Close icon on the document's window, as shown below:
\par \{bml hlp\\scmenu.bmp\}
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_SAVE}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} files managing}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {
\cs15\fs16\up6 $} File Save command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Save command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to save the active document to its current name and directory.  When you save a document for the first time, GeneDoc displays the }{\f2\uldb Save As dialog box}{\v AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\f2 
 so you can name your document.  If you want to change the name and directory of an existing document before you save it, choose the }{\f2\uldb Save As command}{\v HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}{\f2 .
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Toolbar:\tab \{bmc hlp\\tbsave.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+S
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_SAVE_AS}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} files managing}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {
\cs15\fs16\up6 $} File Save As command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Save As command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to save and name the active document.  GeneDoc displays the }{\f2\uldb Save As dialog box}{\v AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}{\f2  so you can name your document.  
\par 
\par To save a document with its existing name and directory, use the }{\f2\uldb Save command}{\v HID_FILE_SAVE}{\f2 .
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FILESAVE}}{\b\f2 File Save As dialog box
\par }{\f2 
\par The following options allow you to specify the name and location of the file you're about to save:
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 File Name
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Type a new filename to save a document with a different name.  A filename can contain up to eight characters and an extension of up to three characters.  GeneDoc adds the extension you specify in the Save File As Type box.

\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Drives
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Select the drive in which you want to store the document.
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Directories
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Select the directory in which you want to store the document.
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Network...
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Choose this button to connect to a network location, assigning it a new drive letter. 
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_FILE_MRU_FILE1}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} files managing}}{\f2  }{
\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} File 1, 2, 3, 4 command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 1, 2, 3, 4 command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use the numbers and filenames listed at the bottom of the File menu to open the last four documents you closed.  Choose the number that corresponds with the document you want to open.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_APP_EXIT}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} exit}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $}
 Exit command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Exit command (File menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to end your GeneDoc session.  You can also use the Close command on the application Control menu.  GeneDoc prompts you to save documents with unsaved changes.
\par }
\par {\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Double-click the application's Control menu button.
\par \tab \{bmc hlp\\appexit.bmp\}
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F4
\par 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1080\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_VIEW_TOOLBAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} toolbar}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain 
\s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} View Toolbar command}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Toolbar command (View menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to display and hide the Toolbar, which includes buttons for some of the most common commands in GeneDoc, such as File Open.  A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Toolbar is displayed.
\par 
\par See }{\f2\uldb Toolbar}{\v\f2 AFX_HIDW_TOOLBAR}{\f2  for help on using the toolbar.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_VIEW_STATUS_BAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} status bar}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {
\cs15\fs16\up6 $} View Status Bar Command}}{\b\f2 Status Bar command (View menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display and hide the Status Bar, which describes the action to be executed by the selected menu item or depressed toolbar button, and keyboard latch state. A check mark appears next to the menu item when the Status Bar is displayed.

\par 
\par See }{\f2\uldb Status Bar}{\v\f2 AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}{\f2  for help on using the status bar.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDW_STATUS_BAR}K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} status bar}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {
\cs15\fs16\up6 $} status bar}}{\b\f2 Status Bar}{\f2 
\par \{bml hlp\\hlpsbar.bmp\}
\par 
\par The status bar is displayed at the bottom of the GeneDoc window.  To display or hide the status bar, use the Status Bar command in the View menu.
\par 
\par The left area of the status bar describes actions of menu items as you use the arrow keys to navigate through menus.  This area similarly shows messages that describe the actions of toolbar buttons as you depress them, before releasing them.  If after vie
wing the description of the toolbar button command you wish not to execute the command, then release the mouse button while the pointer is off the toolbar button.
\par 
\par The right areas of the status bar indicate which of the following keys are latched down:
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx1440 {\b\f2 Indicator\tab Description}{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-1440\li1440\sa120\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 CAP\tab The Caps Lock key is latched down.
\par NUM\tab The Num Lock key is latched down.
\par SCRL\tab The Scroll Lock key is latched down.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_CASCADE}}{\b\f2 Cascade command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in an overlapped fashion. 
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_TILE}}{\b\f2 Tile command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped fashion.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_TILE_HORZ}}{\b\f2 Tile Horizontal command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to vertically arrange multiple opened windows in a non-overlapped fashion.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_TILE_VERT}}{\b\f2 Tile Vertical command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to arrange multiple opened windows side by side.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_ARRANGE}}{\b\f2 Window Arrange Icons Command}{\f2 
\par 
\par Use this command to arrange the icons for minimized windows at the bottom of the main window.  If there is an open document window at the bottom of the main window, then some or 
all of the icons may not be visible because they will be underneath this document window.\page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_WINDOW_ALL}}{\b\f2 1, 2, ... command (Window menu)}{\f2 
\par 
\par GeneDoc displays a list of currently open document windows at the bottom of the Window menu.  A check mark appears in front of the document name of the active window.  Choose a document from this list to make its window active.  
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HELP_INDEX}}{\b\f2 Index command (Help menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display the opening screen of Help.  From the opening screen, you can jump to step-by-step instructions for using GeneDoc and various types of reference information.  
\par 
\par Once you open Help, you can click the Contents button whenever you want to return to the opening screen.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HELP_USING}}{\b\f2 Using Help command (Help menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command for instructions about using Help.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_APP_ABOUT}}{\b\f2 About command (Help menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display the copyright notice and version number of your copy of GeneDoc.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_CONTEXT_HELP}${\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Help Using Help Command}}{\b\f2 Context Help command 
\par }{\f2 \{bml hlp\\curhelp.bmp\}
\par 
\par Use the Context Help command to obtain help on some portion of GeneDoc.  When you choose the Toolbar's Context Help button, the mouse pointer will change to an arrow and question mark.  Then click somewhere in the GeneDoc window, such as another Toolbar b
utton.  The Help topic will be shown for the item you clicked.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab SHIFT+F1
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HT_CAPTION} }{\b\f2 Title Bar}
\par 
\par {\f2 \{bml hlp\\titlebar.bmp\}}
\par 
\par \pard\plain \s42\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 {\f2 The title bar is located along the top of a window.  It contains the name of the application and document.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\f2 
\par }\pard\plain \s42\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 {\f2 To move the window, drag the title bar.  Note: You can also move dialog boxes by dragging their title bars.
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar\tx360 {\f2 A title bar may contain the following elements:
\par }\pard\plain \s41\fi-360\li360\sb40\sa40\widctlpar\tx360 \f7\fs20 {\f2 \{bmc hlp\\bullet.bmp\}\tab Application Control-menu button
\par \{bmc hlp\\bullet.bmp\}\tab Document Control-menu button
\par \{bmc hlp\\bullet.bmp\}\tab Maximize button
\par \{bmc hlp\\bullet.bmp\}\tab Minimize button
\par \{bmc hlp\\bullet.bmp\}\tab Name of the application
\par \{bmc hlp\\bullet.bmp\}\tab Name of the document
\par \{bmc hlp\\bullet.bmp\}\tab Restore button
\par }\pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} scrollbars}}{\f2  }{\cs15\fs16\up6 K{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 K} scroll bars}}{\f2  }{
\cs15\fs16\up6 ${\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} The Scroll Bars}}{\f2  }{\b\f2 Scroll bars}{\f2 
\par 
\par Displayed at the right and bottom edges of the document window.  The scroll boxes inside the scroll bars indicate your vertical and horizontal location in the document.  You can use the mouse to scroll to other parts of the document.
\par 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_SIZE}}{\b\f2 Size command (System menu)}
\par 
\par {\f2 Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can size the active window with the arrow keys.
\par \{bml hlp\\curarw4.bmp\}
\par 
\par After the pointer changes to the four-headed arrow:
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\sb60\widctlpar {\f2 1.\tab Press one of the DIRECTION keys (left, right, up, or down arrow key) to move the pointer to the border you want to move.  
\par 2.\tab Press a DIRECTION key to move the border.
\par 3.\tab Press ENTER when the window is the size you want.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.
\par }
\par {\b\f2 Shortcut}{\b 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Drag the size bars at the corners or edges of the window.
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_MOVE}}{\b\f2 Move command (Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display a four-headed arrow so you can move the active window or dialog box with the arrow keys.
\par \{bmc hlp\\curarw4.bmp\}
\par 
\par Note:  This command is unavailable if you maximize the window.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab CTRL+F7
\par 
\par }\pard \widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_MINIMIZE}${\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} System Minimize Command}}{\b\f2 
Minimize command (application Control menu)
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par Use this command to reduce the GeneDoc window to an icon.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar {\b 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut}{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Click the minimize icon \{bmc hlp\\scmin.bmp\} on the title bar.
\par Keys:\tab ALT+F9
\par }\pard \fi-360\li1080\widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_MAXIMIZE}}{\b\f2 Maximize command (System menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to enlarge the active window to fill the available space.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li360\widctlpar {\b\f2 
\par Shortcut}{\f2 
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Mouse:\tab Click the maximize icon \{bmc hlp\\scmax.bmp\} on the title bar; or double-click the title bar.
\par Keys:\tab CTRL+F10 enlarges a document window.
\par }\pard \fi-360\li1080\widctlpar 
\par \pard \widctlpar {\f2 \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_NEXTWINDOW}}{\b\f2 Next Window command (document Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to switch to the next open document window.  GeneDoc determines which window is next according to the order in which you opened the windows.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab CTRL+F6
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_PREVWINDOW}}{\b\f2 Previous Window command (document Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to switch to the previous open document window.  GeneDoc determines which window is previous according to the order in which you opened the windows.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab SHIFT+CTRL+F6
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_CLOSE}}{\b\f2 Close command (Control menus)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to close the active window or dialog box.
\par 
\par Double-clicking a Control-menu box is the same as choosing the Close command.
\par \{bml hlp\\appexit.bmp\}
\par 
\par Note:  If you have multiple windows open for a single document, the Close command on the document Control menu closes only one window at a time.  You can close all windows at once with the Close command on the File menu.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcuts
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys: \tab CTRL+F4 closes a document window
\par \tab ALT+F4 closes the <<YourType>> window or dialog box
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 \tab \tab \tab \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_RESTORE}}{\b\f2 Restore command (Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to return the active window to its size and position before you chose the Maximize or Minimize command.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_SC_TASKLIST}}{\b\f2 Switch to command (application Control menu)
\par }{\f2 
\par Use this command to display a list of all open applications.  Use this "Task List" to switch to or close an application on the list.
\par 
\par }{\b\f2 Shortcut
\par }\pard \fi-1080\li1440\widctlpar\tx1440 {\f2 Keys:\tab CTRL+ESC
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par }{\b\f2 Dialog Box Options
\par }{\f2 When you choose the Switch To command, you will be presented with a dialog box with the following options:
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Task List
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Select the application you want to switch to or close.
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Switch To
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Makes the selected application active.
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 End Task
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Closes the selected application.
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Cancel
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Closes the Task List box.
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Cascade
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Arranges open applications so they overlap and you can see each title bar.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Tile
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Arranges open applications into windows that do not overlap.  This option does not affect applications reduced to icons.
\par }\pard \sb60\widctlpar {\b\f2 Arrange Icons
\par }\pard \li360\widctlpar {\f2 Arranges the icons of all minimized applications across the bottom of the screen.
\par }\pard \widctlpar {\f2 
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_FONT}${\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Choose Font Dialog}}{\b\f2 Choose Font dialog box
\par 
\par }{\f2 Choose the font for GeneDoc to use on the }{\f2\uldb GeneDoc Display}{\v\f2 HIDR_GENEDOTYPE}{\f2 .
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDD_COLOR}${\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 $} Choose Color Dialog}}{\b\f2 Choose Color dialog box
\par 
\par }{\f2 Choose a Color for GeneDoc to use on the }{\f2\uldb GeneDoc Display}{\v\f2 HIDR_GENEDOTYPE}{\f2 .
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} HID_HT_NOWHERE}}{\b\f2 No Help Available}
\par 
\par {\f2 No help is available for this area of the window.
\par \page }{\cs15\fs16\up6 #{\footnote \pard\plain \s16\widctlpar \fs20 {\cs15\fs16\up6 #} AFX_HIDP_default
\par }}{\f2  }{\b\f2 No Help Available
\par }
\par {\f2 No help is available for this message box.
\par 
\par }
\par }